==README==

Project Currently allows users to add projects they are currently working on.
Users can comments on projects.
An admin can view all current users and change all project data.
Admins can only be set from rails console.

I added functionality for adding pictures to projects, added a partial for navigation, and implemented twitter bootstrap.
I also commented on my partners readme.
User is always redirected to dashboard after logging in. 

==MongoDB Schema==
Users(name, email, school)
Projects(name, description, belongs_to User, has_many Comments, has_many SupportRequests)
SupportRequest(description, category, percent_filled:integer, belongs_to Project, belongs_to User)
Comments(content, belongs_to User, belongs_to Project)

A user can create multiple projects, but a project will only ever belong to one user. A user's school is used to determine where projects are coming from. Currently there are no constraints that define which schools are valid, but that will likely be implemented in the application. 
A project has one owner, and is also supported by multiple users through SupportRequests which are defined by the owner. There is also a description. Users may comment on project multiple times. 
A SupportRequest is met by a user and belongs to only one project. They are created by the project owner. Percent_filled depends on what the user is doing and the type of support request, but this will be defined by the application. 
A comment is created by a user, and can be created multiple times. 